hello to you here novel from the star blog
oummatv my blog of videos for
progress in mathematics
I am currently in the United States and
especially in san francisco en
California and in particular you will see
behind me the golden gate and famous
golden gate
I think you've already seen this bridge
red in some movies or series
so in fact just now in me
walking with the two friends with
which I came here to visit
well I remembered one thing in
did when I was younger I had
dream of building but also
loops
maybe you have maybe you too
you dreamed one day to be an architect and
I think it's something that
makes you dream
I was ten years old I was living in
the time addresses the end of the
brittany i think you know this
city ​​and at the time we were building a
new second bridge it was the 3 in fact
he was in parallel with the old
nancea bridge that still exists
Besides, you can go and see this new
bridge he was very particular because
already the wide and 2d that was actually
what's called a cable- stayed bridge in
did there was huge cable
I jump the effects cable me
fascinate actually telling you to know
how to lift could hold it was
really fascinating actually
today so we are in front of the
golden gate to it's a bridge that is in
course just for us these materials
construction techniques but he
looks a bit like this new bridge
of iroise
so just this point of getting
finish in 1937 in the 30s
I imagine you understand how much
construction techniques and
particular mathematical equations that's
that there are behind are really
different a bit now for
built in the thirties and one
buyer we will say that's what I
am going to share with you it's this
fascination for the equations the
technique behind it because a
Once the bridge is made, we see it
more but the engineer who imagined and
well he has he wrote his equations he has
solved them and that's it it's really
interesting and especially to build
a bridge we study in particular
equations called differential
ie equations that are at
base of derived functions
I think you've heard you
already heard of derived functions
I know when you write fgx is good
banks has that drift is so in
as much as x premiums just behind eh
well that's the derived functions
who are next who are involved
what are called equations
differentials and when one makes a
good and well especially he has equations
differentials to study the
behavior of the bridge under the
wind
so that's really interesting I
find then it's just an example
among many others but the equations
differentials can be used for saab a
studied the camp you I convince him so
that's actually I just wanted to
show how much mathematics
and the physics behind the
construction of a particular bridge
it's exciting
maybe you too when you have when
you see will study the derived functions
now want to be to know more
to know what can be used
last but not come from me I was holding
the goal is to build bridges
and many other things
so that's it if you want to come on my blog
this term athenaeus to progress in
particular about the notion of derivatives me
I invite you to come on my blog for
discover the videos on the subject
returning to my blog you can also
download my 26-page guide which
is called this trick to progress
quickly mathematics
so it was Roman rockstar materege
tazi to the next in another video